welcome to slash forward
in this episode we're going to see how
francis ford coppola's early work stacks
up with dementia 13
for tips on how to gaslight your way to
your rightful inheritance subscribe to
the channel
let's get to it we open on john and
louise taking a formal canoe trip in the
dark we learned through their
conversation that they're at john's
mother's castle in ireland
discussing the matter of her will and
trying to figure out a way to prevent
her from leaving all her money to
charity like a lunatic
upset by the tone of the convo jon
teaches louise a lesson by rowing
himself straight into a coronary
desiring to maintain a familial claim to
any sort of financial disbursements she
smacks the [ __ ] out of him and disposes
of his beautiful corpse
she then forges a quick note to keep
john alive if not present so she can
manage his affairs for her own benefit
intending to get her mother-in-law to
include them in the will before driving
her to an early grave
as she ventures out to gain the trust of
the family she learns that the matriarch
lady halloran's battiness is the result
of losing her daughter kathleen to an
accidental drowning seven years prior
billy one of the brothers then picks up
k from the airport
bringing her to the other brother
richard familiarizing us with the rest
of the family at dinner luis attempts to
work her charms and with john's absence
lady halloran just
asks for her discretion in the family
ceremony to take place the next day
it's a ritual they repeat every year a
dollar affair that demonstrates to the
boys how much more
valuable they would be if they would
have just had the decency to be born
girls
mother throws a flower on the grave it
wilts and then she passes out
seeing an opportunity luis gets in on
that offering to care for poor mother
poor wealthy mother she claims to hear
music in a child's voice asking for her
mother
louise recommends listening to it
especially if it says to give luis all
your money we start to see how she may
take advantage of this and she even
sneaks off to steal a few trinkets and
then louise strips down to her tones and
dives into the retention pond where she
plans to leave a little floater for lady
halloran to find the next day
but instead she's the one who gets
startled by an unexpected watery grave
and emerges to an axe maniac who splits
her wide open and drags her off
meanwhile dr caleb arrives to try to
convince her ladyship to stop with this
yearly cycle that causes so much
distress and strain on the body as she
begins to recover the family finds
themselves supporting in the yard when
kathleen's toys begin surfacing in the
water
causing some fresh trauma and
exasperating caleb
caleb then commissions the groundskeeper
to drain the pond to get to the bottom
of this
with the water gone they find an
unexpected memorial which causes caleb
to cast aspersions at richard but he
works in steel not stone so he goes to
his father's old workshop to seek out
evidence of whether he may have been
involved in that kay shows up before he
finds anything and they make out
unwittingly near what we assume to be
kathleen's body
eventually the family heals to the point
where richard and kay can finally get
married
without triggering lady halloran and
after the nuptials kay runs off to bone
down on the hay in the middle of the
barn meanwhile caleb lurks around and
then the guests come upon some trinkets
and bodies
laid out in a pleasing manner for public
view when they make the mistake of
touching kathleen billy goes
nuts giving caleb the excuse he's been
waiting for to try out his cool new gun
it works really well and as billy lays
dying we see it was him who is
responsible for kathleen's death
and so they unceremoniously destroy his
giant doll
well that was no godfather part three
but
it was all right if nothing else you can
definitely see some greater potential
here than in some of the other
turds in this box set if you enjoyed the
video i'd love for you to become a part
of the channel by subscribing
thanks for watching